We live in a beautiful quiet town in central Italy, between the sea and the mountains.
We have many friends, some of whom are good cooks.
We have been serving for some years in a Romanian language congregation, and we preach to
people who have moved to Italy to seek a better life.
When we heard the announcement about the special campaign, we looked at each other and said,
let's go!
The large door of activity was opening up to us, but there was a problem, my job.
I would need a month's leave of absence, and that would be difficult.
We prayed, we did research, and during family worship, we decided that in order to participate,
I would ask for a one month leave from work.
But Jehovah had something else in mind that would create the right circumstances for us.
When I arrived at work the next day, I found an unexpected situation.
Because of the failing economy, my boss gave me and some other employees a letter of dismissal.
I was not at all worried.
I trusted in Jehovah, and I knew that this new situation would allow me to participate
in the campaign.
Participating in this campaign is a dream come true.
We wanted to participate in 2013, but unfortunately things in life do not always go as we would
like.
We received some truly shocking news.
My father had been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer.
Emotionally, it was not easy.
The tranquility we had dreamed and hoped for was almost gone.
The only thing that could help me at that moment was the hope for what Jehovah promises us.
In addition to my father's death, I began to experience panic attacks.
I was afraid of something that didn't exist.
Afraid of not being able to move on.
The kind of emotion that leaves a lump in your throat and you can't even breathe.
I realized that only Jehovah could help me feel the void that I felt.
After a family worship, Fabio and I decided to turn in our regular pioneer applications.
I felt Jehovah at my side, embracing and supporting me.
In the end, they turned out to be the three most beautiful years of our lives, which also
allowed us to participate in this beautiful campaign.
In Romania, there are many isolated territories that local brothers cannot work due to the
great distances to be covered.
It is really exciting to reach many people by traveling on dirt roads that are often muddy.
The people are generous, hospitable and genuine.
They almost always invite us into their homes and are willing to talk to us.
Talking to people who do not know Jehovah and who are still very much interested in doctrinal
topics is really exciting.
Experiencing firsthand a culture different from ours, seeing people who live a more simple
life and trying to understand their needs is an experience that we will take with us and
it will help us to preach more effectively in our assigned congregation territory in Italy.
Now we are stronger than when we left home.
This experience has made us love the ministry even more.
We look forward to returning to our home territory with renewed zeal.
We are certain that Jehovah will guide us to further service opportunities in order
to help others know His wonderful purposes.